Kathleen Purcell is noted for her exquisite tone and impassioned 
interpretations of virtuoso flute music.  She has played Principal Flute
under the batons of Leopold Stokowski's prized protégé Maurice Dubonnet,
famed choral and orchestral conductor Robert Shaw, and Richard Woitach
of the Metropolitan Opera.  Ms. Purcell has also toured Europe as
Principal Flutist and soloist with the United States Honor Band,  and
has toured the U.S. as Principal Flutist with the Idaho Bicentennial
Orchestra as part of the official United States Bicentennial
Celebration.  She holds a Masters degree in Flute Performance from
Madison, and has studied with Richard Hahn, Robert Cole and Samuel
Baron, and has coached with Julius Baker and Jean-Pierre Rampal.  Today,
she plays with Duo Espressivo and the Purcell Consort and runs a flute
studio in Santa Cruz, CA.


Vlada Volkova-Moran began to play the piano at age seven. At age 15 she 
was admitted to Tula Musical College in the former Soviet Union where
she received degrees in Piano Performance and Concertmaster. She later 
graduated from Moscow Pedagogical State University of Lenin with degrees 
in Teacher of Music in the Public Schools and Teacher of Fortepiano in 
Pedagogical Colleges. During this time she was principal accompanist for 
the choir Stellar, the premier children's choir of Moscow. With the 
choir she toured Russia and Europe participating in international 
competitions and winning many awards. In addition they played for the 
leadership of Russia at the Palace of Congresses in the Kremlin for the 
850th anniversary of the City of Moscow and performed at the Vatican for 
Pope John Paul II. Today, she performs and accompanies extensively in 
the San Francisco Bay area. 
